[ZT] Secure your Internet traffic and SaaS apps (#12460)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/learning-paths/secure-internet-traffic/build-dns-policies/_index.md

---
title: Build DNS security policies
pcx_content_type: overview
weight: 7
layout: learning-module
---

# Build DNS security policies

> DNS security is an important, wide-reaching, and early action in the lifecycle of a request. Cloudflare operates one of the world's largest and fastest public DNS resolvers. Your users' public DNS requests will be resolved by that same resolution engine -- whether they're connecting from a network pointing its resolvers to Cloudflare or an endpoint running the WARP client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DNS security is an important, wide-reaching, and early action in the lifecycle of a request. Cloudflare operates one of the world's largest and fastest public DNS resolvers. Your users' public DNS requests will be resolved by that same resolution engine -- whether they are connecting from a network pointing its resolvers to Cloudflare or an endpoint running the WARP client.
```

## Objectives

By the end of this module, you will be able to:

- Create your first Gateway DNS policy.
- Build an allow or block list for use in firewall policies.

> - Understand the order of precedence within policy builders.

Reviewer: Did you intend to duplicate the order of precedence content that is already in Module 6?

- Onboard user devices to Gateway DNS filtering.

> - Connect user devices to Gateway DNS filtering with the WARP client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Discussed explicitly in Module 4. Also overlaps with the previous bullet point.
